The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Tsk. What a pain.
I knew that antenna-head would come in.
Japan's U-20s
What's this?
Having a rough time of it,
Mr. Long Bottom Lashes the Younger?
But your explosion ends here.
Let's find out who's really
the number one, Rin-chan. Mwah!
H-Hey now. Stop that, Shidou.
Oh, perfect timing.
I was looking for a scrub to clown on to add
a little flourish to my game, you blond pest.
Right back at ya, big brudda's boy.
Shidou Ryusei is replacing
Wakatsuki for the second half.
We have zero information on him.
What style of play will he show us?
I can't wait to find out!
Now that Shidou's joined the game,
the situation on the field is gonna change.
The one who grasps that change
and adapts fastest will become a hero.
Reflex. "Flow."
This game can't end without me scoring.
And the second half is about to begin.
This game...
belongs to me.
Episode
The Subs Take
to the Stage
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Blue Lock XI
Shidou-kun's weapon is his unerring ability
to score when he gets near the box.
I can't let him out of my sight.
When he receives it in front
of goal, that's my chance.
I will hunt him down on that final line.
Heartbeats. Energy.
I'm zipping through!
He's going berserk?
Wh-What's with that movement?
He's ignoring both teams' formations.
For real?
His movement is even
throwing off his own team.
For him, the game isn't 11-on-11.
It's 1-on-21!
A-Are you kidding me?
That's such a tight gap,
he surely can't pull that off...
All righty.
Blue Lock XI
No, I can get to it!
Being fast sure comes in handy.
Shidou!
Sendou?
So you do get it, sharksucker!
Can it.
Japan's U-20s
I'm just doing what Itoshi Sae told me to do.
He's changed roles since the first half.
He's now a decoy in support of Shidou?
Which means he's kinda
like what Isagi is to Rin.
Damn it! No one expected a combo like this!
If it means victory to us,
I'll play just like you want me to!
He squared it already?
Oh, crap.
Lurking on the edge of the box...
It's Itoshi Sae!
Japan's U-20s
Here he comes.
A snap shot?
Is he shooting reflexively?
No, not a shot...
A curling cross? It's a pinpoint pass!
There you go, Devil Boy.
I love me some nasty ones.
With the addition of Shidou, their attack
has been drastically rejuvenated.
This is bad.
Japan's U-20s are waking up!
No, this is still within...
my security area!
Niko?
Thank you, Niko!
Ah, that dangerous tackle caught his foot.
Blue Lock XI's Niko Ikki
is shown the yellow card.
But man, this is amazing.
That No. 13... Shidou, right?
He's coordinating with Itoshi Sae.
You little eye-hiding gnome. Damn you.
Sorry for stepping on you, Mr. Pest.
Oh, you're so dead!
Knock it off, idiot.
Gonna throw away your career
by getting sent off?
Show your worth with some goals.
Don't make me any more disappointed in you.
Well, thank you kindly.
Great job getting there, Niko.
Nice defending.
But I could only stop him by fouling him.
Huh?
Itoshi Sae's movement and
Shidou-kun's off-the-ball running.
I read what they were doing and
pinpointed the most dangerous spot.
I saw all of it ahead of time, and still...
You...
But Sendou-kun was an extra wrinkle.
He ran into an awkward space for us,
as if complementing Shidou-kun's movement.
That momentarily delayed my assessment
and led me to getting a yellow card.
Sendou-kun changed his style of play
as soon as Shidou-kun came on.
He might not be flashy,
but his presence is noise to us right now.
He can see all that?
Are you okay?
Did you injure yourself just now?
Please leave me alone.
I can still play.
I want to do this.
It pains me that I didn't
get chosen as a striker,
but with these eyes and that move
just now, I kind of started to see...
how fun it is to trample
a forward as a defender.
Isagi-kun.
Ever since I met you,
I haven't been afraid of changing myself.
We're going to win this game.
Right.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Japan! Japan! Japan!
Get out here! Sae-kun's
gonna take the free kick!
Who the hell is that No. 13?
It's gotta be Itoshi Sae taking it, no question.
You'd better keep it out, Blue Lock.
I'll be taking this one, Sae-chan.
The path to goal you want to take
is blocked by your pesky little brother.
Too close. Too crowded.
You have no path to goal either, do you?
Shut up. I won this free kick, so I'm taking it.
Is that the best course of action?
Huh?
I'm asking if that's the best option
you can see with those eyes.
Huh?
A move that's realistically possible,
and an ideal move you want to execute.
Aim for the move where
those two start to overlap.
Don't kill off your inspiration.
Visualize the ultimate goal
you can score in this moment.
You're giving me shivers, Sae-chan.
Okay, I've come up with a killer move.
But it's gonna be a
mega-super-difficult stunt to pull off.
You sure you'll keep up?
Who do you think I am?
Dream big, devil.
And I'll work my magic.
My, my. Am I getting the Cinderella treatment?
Heartthrob.
He's moving. Here it comes!
The kicker will be Shidou!
He ran past it and kept going?
A fake-out?
So the shooter's...
Itoshi Sae!
No, he isn't!
I know you're gonna go wait
for it in space, antenna-head!
My top speed will get me there first.
I'll stop you!
I see through your combo!
With a diving header...
I can just—
I can't reach it?
Are you serious?
An inch away from
my arrival point at top speed?
Wow. Right on the money.
Jump, all the cells in my body.
Dragon Drive!
What a monster.
For real?
So this is Itoshi Sae and Shidou Ryusei.
The carnival of the genius and the devil!
All right!
Wow! Did you see that?
What was that? It was nuts.
Holy crap! What was that?
Damn it.
That damn crazy pest!
My word! Japan's U-20s'
No. 13, Shidou Ryusei...
scores a shocking equalizer!
You two are so in tune.
Getting high on brain juice!
Ah, I'm coming. Ka-sploosh.
We're still only level,
Mr. Two Pump Chump Devil.
Yikes, that one was impossible to stop.
That was the chemical reaction
between Itoshi Sae and Shidou Ryusei.
That set play was way too nasty.
Shidou probably ran at full speed to
the place he envisioned shooting from.
Reading it, Chigiri went to intercept him.
But Itoshi Sae...
assessed Chigiri's speed,
the spot Shidou wanted to be in,
and the speed and quality of his own pass.
He assessed it all in an instant and
hit a pass through the eye of a needle.
"He assessed it all in an instant."
Isn't that the kind of reflex
I've been looking for?
And the same with Shidou's jumping volley.
Both brain and body need to act
on reflex to score a goal like that.
It's reflex multiplied by reflex.
Superhuman plays by Itoshi Sae and Shidou Ryusei
stacked on one another to make that goal.
Blue Lock couldn't handle Shidou's vision.
But Itoshi Sae saw through it and
responded with an exquisite pass.
Plus, for these two,
this is just the prologue.
Lovely stuff, Mr. Long Bottom
Lashes the Elder. I like you.
Give me your info later.
Hm? I'll think about it
if you score a hat-trick.
You mean it? That's a promise.
If we don't stop them, they'll come
straight back and run away with the match.
Chigiri!
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah. Just a little cramp.
There's still ages left on the clock.
I guess it's time.
A center back who got a yellow for
a last-ditch tackle that hurt his own ankle.
A drained fleet-footed full-back
who has sprinted more than anyone so far.
And the U-20s have been reborn due to
the power of Itoshi Sae and Shidou Ryusei.
It's time to bring on some subs.
Understood.
Who do you want to go on?
Our balance is broken.
What we need is someone
who can anchor the game.
So the cards I need to play are...
So your knee's okay, yeah?
Yeah. Sorry.
The second half's only just started.
I'm totally drained after this amount
of exercise? Must be due to my hiatus.
Who knew I'd end up paying the price
for running away and "giving up" soccer...
at a crucial moment like this?
I'm pathetic.
If only I'd kept up with my training.
Chigiri, you did great.
Damn it.
And here I was thinking it was
just getting interesting...
Oh, and it looks like the Blue Lock XI
are making some substitutions.
Two at once, it seems.
No. 4, Chigiri Hyoma and No. 3, Niko Ikki
are being substituted for...
No. 14, Mikage Reo and No. 16, Hiori Yo.
Blue Lock XI
Good job, Niko.
I'll leave the rest to you.
Nice runnin', Chigiri-kun.
Get a lot of rest.
Nice sprinting, No. 4!
Hyoma, good job!
Hey, what is it?
Got a problem with being
substituted, Chigiri Hyoma?
No. I don't, sir!
If you're gonna cry about it,
take to the field with a body that can
keep running to the final whistle, idiot.
That frustration you're feeling
tells you where you're at right now.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Center Back
Right Back
Right Winger
Substitutions
So that's two players
swapped for Blue Lock...
...and a position change.
It is, indeed.
Right now, the momentum is with Japan's U-20s.
Center Forward
Left Winger
Attacking Midfielder
Defensive Midfielder
Right Winger
Left Back
Center Back
Right Back
Blue Lock's Substitutions
Niko Ikki
Mikage Reo
Chigiri Hyoma
Hiori Yo
Let's see how they look after those changes
ten minutes into the second half.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Otoya-kun, yer a full-back now.
Don't venture too far forward.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm finally back...
at where he is.
Nagi.
Did I make you wait?
Nah. I knew you'd be here.
Score another goal already.
You're capable of so much more.
Yeah. I know.
If we don't win, it's all over.
And it's too soon for things
to end for us here.
Yeah. I know.
We're still level.
The next goal will determine
who's in control of this game.
This is...
...the turning point of this battle.
Our tactics change with
Hiori added to the front line.
That's one of the attacking options
we practiced in Blue Lock.
Up to now, our style has been
to always be on the move.
All of us running with Rin at our core,
using each player's skills without pausing.
But Hiori's strengths are his unhurried
vision and his controlled touch.
He's a calm technician
who creates space on the front line.
You won't get past me, Little Boy Light Blue.
Japan's U-20s
Blue Lock XI
Fine by me, tattooed guy.
I'm neither a ninja nor a sprinter.
So I compete a different way.
What Hiori can provide isn't the
one-on-ones that glide past an opponent,
but inspirational passes that
coordinate with our movements.
Being relentless...
isn't the only type of ego.
So fast. Outside of the boot?
That was tight!
Forcin' it through a tiny hole, huh? That's hot.
As always, yer only good at kickin'!
It's not "only."
Then, show me how ya ain't mediocre.
Yer one loud crow, ain't ya?
That close passing caught them off guard.
In this moment of freedom,
I need to react reflexively to Hiori's
coolheadedness and precise left foot.
All righty. Shall we get goin'?
A curving trajectory
as nasty as Itoshi Sae's?
The target is... Itoshi Rin.
No, beyond him?
That's a yummy pass, Hiorin.
You dolt!
Say "thank you" once you've had a piece of me,
you listless kid with a great first touch.
Ugh.
Dobermann's so annoying.
I managed to sneak in behind
using Rin as bait.
Oh, here comes the ball.
Aw, man. What do I do?
For now, I'll jump.
An open space? It's the only option.
I know you can sense it...
striker!
Here it comes. I've been waiting
for a pass in the space behind Rin.
I won't hesitate.
Direct sho—
Hey, Li'l Burglar.
I'm here to put a collar on you.
Aiku?
Why are you here?
We only just changed up our attack,
and that was Nagi's improvised pass.
I reacted first,
but he got here before I did.
In the territory he's patrolling,
my abilities are dead.
Damn you!
Watch out for the counter!
That's our captain for you.
I'm counting on you, genius.
Incomin'!
He'll pass it to Shidou!
We'll stop him here.
You ready, Reo?
Listen, Mikage Reo.
There's only one reason I'm putting you in.
Your job is to stop Shidou.
Right. I worked on my defending
at the training camp,
and I've been watching
the game like you told me to,
particularly the abilities
of the other team's defenders.
Shidou and Itoshi Sae...
I'll keep them in my sight at all times.
Still dribbling.
Not making his move.
Not yet.
And here comes...
the combo!
Huh?
Isn't that my move?
Copying success: 99%.
This is my role in this game.
Chameleon Defense!
Nice, Reo. That's so cool.
With this power of mine...
I'll put an end to Shidou.
Blue Lock Additional Time!
A
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Bachira Yu
Isagi Iyo
During Half-Time
Isagi-san, do you come
watch soccer games often?
No, not at all! Only Yoichi's a big fan.
As his parents, we know nothing about soccer.
Same here.
I still don't understand how "offside"
or whatever it's called works.
So true!
Offside's an eternal mystery to me.
Isn't it just?
And again, I'm grateful to your son
for being so good to my Meguru.
He doesn't have a lot of friends.
Oh, no, the pleasure's all ours.
Our Yoichi is in the same boat.
Oh, is that so? What's Yoichi-kun like?
Well, in short, he's a real scaredy-cat.
What? Is he really?
One time, when he was playing in the park,
he started crying with his hands over his head.
It turns out he was worried
about the imaginary rain in his mind.
So yeah, he's really cowardly and delicate.
Oh, wow! I love that he can feel
and sense something like that!
Yoichi-kun's a genius.
Mine's the complete opposite.
He'll see kids doing
a red or yellow sun and say,
"That's just weird! The sun is white!
See? It's white!" and start a fight over it.
And he gets naked all the time.
Really? Yoichi's the same! Totally naked!
He takes his clothes off and
complains they chafe and feel weird.
Seems our sons are nudy buddies.
Yup.
But I'm so glad he has soccer.
He was able to make friends with it,
and now we've met each other as well.
Oh, yes. We look forward
to a long-lasting relationship.
Oh, there you are!
The second half's about to start, you two!
We should get back to our seats—
Isagi Issei
Oh, no!
N-Nice combination.